Typed permissions (#4136)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/huge-results-roll.md

---
"@comet/api-generator": major
"@comet/cms-admin": major
"@comet/cms-api": major
---

> Introduced a strongly-typed permission system using the new CorePermission enum and Permission type, replacing previous string-based permissions.

Reviewer: Application devs won't use CorePermission:

```suggestion
Introduce a strongly-typed permission system using the new `Permission` GraphQL enum and `Permission` type, replacing previous string-based permissions.
```
